# Company Info Webpage

## Summary

Webpage to show the stock market information of companies.

## URLs (suppose the server is listening on the 80 port of 0.0.0.0)

### localhost/Company/

It will show the webpage of all companies in a table. Click the Symbol or the Name will show the page of detail of the company. There are three button in the page. Click it will change the table to pie chart group by country or sector or change the pie chart back to table.

### localhost/Company/<Symbol>

<Symbol> is the symbol of a company in the stock market. It will return the webpage of the detail of a company which includes the information and the K-Line in one year until 2022-05-31

### localhost/requestData/

The url for the webpage to get the data of all companies. The webpage will send a request about what data it wants by "GET" request. And it will return a JSONResponse.

### localhost/requestDetail/

The url used when the webpage wants to get the detail of a company. Also, the webpage will send a "GET" request contains the symbol and the server will return a JSONRequest contains the information and data for the chart.

## Frameworks and Techniques used

### Front-end

Based on Angular. 

Table is based on 'ng2-smart-table' module of Angular.

Charts are based on 'ngx-echarts' module of Angular. 

### Back-end

Based on Django.

Data of echarts is generated by module 'pyecharts' of Python.

### Database

MySQL

## Folders and Files

### Crawler

Contains the python file to get data from other site, and it will not be used by the server.

### database

Contains the structure of the table in sql file and data of each table in csv file. "company_info_full_version.csv" is a backup file.

### Company_Info

The settings of the Django server.

### Company

Django application for the /Company/ router. 

"CompanyData.py" contains all the functions needed to get data from the database.

### Company_frontend

The Angular project for the website Company.

Files are in the GitHub repository https://github.com/EX-Zhang/Company_frontend
